step 5999: train loss 1.5771, val loss 5.7418
----- start generation ------
!
Vile:
Could I drown your work, till my wife come?
Most welcome homely apply to-morrow;
No, my liege, and yours:
He that with two hours old groans to vent our
This royal ships before us:, as if you do much,
We are soances another gods;
What is a man he's none are so frankly.

GLOUCESTER:
The king your great a cherry lip; but, whom they think it is
That will not offend, but did curse in the place.
If he abroach lives.
We'll mean, which weeder have spent to our knowledge dead
Hisars
Of noble acceptance, ere we are ours
Hath made the eyes of themselves. And cannot made with our brother.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, Clarence; we mean, towards Coventry. Come, come hither,
We met here weeder our complly, and our hate
To-grown our fair hearts day.

BUCKINGHAM:
As, we have shut your citizens.

KING HENRY VI:
I know it.

GLOUCESTER:
You knew you, bon treason; for that office way,
Cast by that you sent for him.

GLOUCESTER:
Clareheaded kites and the love of Lord Angelo:
She will never stand, and that name of imprisonment.
We wait upon you all rest, and then at your choice.
The citizens is our country, and both, and patience;
He hath made iron arms and will not at his power.

GLOUCESTER:
Go, forward towards Coventry: he hath corse; and withal, and Shore one part,
Tremble in good work, minds climb'd battle against the view;
Keeps and quite abominable, well-shining friends, to Doctor Shaw,
With clap thy love!
Would will not determinate therefore be employ'd on aery buildeth best,
And help to no more.
Now, sir, well abod Authority in the time,
Our bruised arms against you,
Doth look into
Than death orchard walls and by a treacherous world,
There are so graced, andnaming steeds,
it shall be













step 5999: train loss 0.6625, val loss 6.7423
----- start generation ------
!
and my vis?
Is to be good for a while.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
'Tis time between our judgment-sweet to associate me!

PARIS:
What sorrow can you do; for it is now.

ROMEO:
It is a dream;
Why, which, I will not prove a prayer on thee.
 hide my body is it light:
Then let it gives me grief, it is true.

PARIS:
Good night, for thy soul to woe,
So long as thou wilt thou speak'st,
But not from thy neck out.
Gorged aside and, for I am therefore follow me.
Love wouldst thou be merciful,
That I repent, that, usurer!

PARIS:
O, let me have spirit, that have not done a us
That thou must be merciful, and liege.

JULIET:
O, patience, if heart do to shame most soul,
But not a foe!

ROMEO:
Give me my heart; it is to thee.

JULIET: but the shame
Which manner of our poor compounds that kiss
In deep an unpleasing sharps.

ROMEO:
Come hither, then, I tender not banishment.

JULIET:
How now, sir? and that our prince!
Why art thou hast nothing but sad hours seem me up on earth,
If any be of mine eldest sister,
Is that thou so grub'd in bed?
A we pass on thy back;
Why, having nothing did become an unth;
Nor thou no law of Juliet,
And doth she, though she deny if wit flow with twenty such sweet:
She did change their state,
I never could forget; O, then I'll not laugh alone.
Proudake thee, though she, let me die when be gone:
Ascianced to make the woe; for that of our house
Cry faintying eye. O, O thou so lov; there is it light
I'll fain take it with holy palates,
And yet within! for an apace of itself
As all for such as he for. What is my will come about
And will I not








step 5999: train loss 0.2432
----- start generation ------
! King uncle: but not this, he hath hid his eyes
For she you to the duke inferrine and the head to his thanks?
We would not be able to do some good.
Here is the hand of him; that's past cure her and
ears then to do the king,
To do that be much danger that holds poor.

First Murderer:
Now will he is in this
Until the do and how he hugg'd us all.

First Murderer:
And we will do no better mirthful tidings that he is.

Second Murderer:
Than it fits to be past.

CLARENCE:
It is a bloody deed, which no warrant forsworn; I should not be.

First Murderer:
The urging of conscience are yet not the Ladyest.

BRAKENBURY:
I beseech your grace: I'll be sworn you are,
As I am angling in the duke.

Second Murderer:
Not so, it is but it is pityers: give me the help subject should be
not. If it go muster men report: I will show it so,
I'll warrant you in the duke's life?

First Murderer:
Where is he just and that shall we do for it?

Second Murderer:
First Murderer: I shall ne'er cowardly, and tell why I stabbed
Had urged ourRAKENBURY:
They do beseech you; I mean no more look upon with me.

GLOUCESTER:
You shall have no such pity.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then hold me, I will unto myself.

CLARENCE:
And have the prince already.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, have you not?

CLARENCE:
O, but surgood my dream love, I protest;
And you will not do it,
To give the most suspected all.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now comes the king dute with me:
That I will come to your lordship in France.

MONTAGUE:
With pay thou forswear thee to the less we will;
Forget sorrow's youngest than thanks,
They shall soon the doth cease;
So doubt it to thy fire and heart that triumph.

GLOUCESTER:
So will you trust, not a pause.
Meant:
Nay, if the king doth do the Tower,
To please the crown to please myself away the crown,
Doth thrive, the greater gift than my son.
Good lords, the suggestion of you must be amended.
The cause that calls and look to dance.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll kiss their office in this day:
Though I'll wear the circumstance they do hurl down that hereafter doit on offenders,
Never to Clarence.
God pardon me, that, my lord, they have been long.
But who comes here?  may do them come?
And go I, my lord, and be gone
To bear? the duke do wear their tut.

LADY ANNE:
Well, well, put on Richard, well-faced reposing hours before 'Good morrow;
And both return'd, leanness soon preys on their course
With clog their hearts and eyes:
Unfold death is green and left:
And that misg'd deadly venom sound;
No, if love be blind'd
With balmly when never saw her beauty mean
The stars arm of her kinsman!

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis beauty was the deadly eye of heaven,
That do entreaties these sad presence?

HENRY BOLINGHAM:
O, pardon me, and I hope,
A cold premeditation better other's worth a child;
For selfsame wind sits in blood than my hands,
To measure, by the stock and apish'd.

LADY ANNE:
In I, most villany,
To stop the like request, I taunt.

GLOUCESTER:
And so did I in my heart to do them good,
And so sweet bait myself to hide me in thy bed:
Unman, that was some poison'd to myself,
I have from you by the temper of a saint.

BUCKINGHAM:
If I live, to be loath not for our purpose.

GLOUCATESBY:
My gracious lord, let me think.

CLARENCE:
What black magician conjures up.

GLOUCESTER:
So dear I firmly am a stranger:
You'll have the king, my lord what idle lives and I'll speak.
That, Clarence give thee news.

YORK:
O, when I shall shake off indeed? withal, you shall not have you open sword.
But, like men and trumpets sounded her.

GLOUCESTER:
Unman! I'll tell my brother mowards Cherowards Ludlow then, do you slander
CESTER:
Then I will take the was provoked by?

BUCKINGHAM:
But how my most forward horse.
Well do you think of our presence?

GLOUCESTER:
As much more, he were sudden we think by that swoon?

CLARENCE:
As well as Hastings yet again.

BUCKINGHAM:
Upon the best tent fall out of this kingly blood,
Tremio come to make the peace with our hearts

GLOUCESTER:
And to our brother Rivers talk; Clarence did sit up.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, master mayor, if sour melancholy flood,
I tell thee, have prevented this to come.
Yet from us both to tell him so;
And what you have well determined he that our request,
Because your lordship came to see me;
And what is brother Montague.
But here we will come to church ope into our request:
And were the danger that makes you only.

GLOUCESTER:
The path that same book so highness of us go: for either, and let him too,
The thief that we have made le war, must be of special good worst;
For that 'tis elder, for being perhaps
Will piece of his, unless I be false love;
Because I am subtle, what I do cry 'tis I should not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, then, what now, love lord Clarence?'
But what that?
Now, like an what more rests?

HASTINGS:
Even that he bethink you on me,
Because they have to wonder at your shoulders.
Give us we have been a thing are we determined
That your arms.
Where is the dangerous when it seems
To whom I was to encounter so yourself,
That he might hardly endure our peace until our daughter.

GLOUCESTER:
Flower shortly shall I have had you on to speak,
You have thought upon against yourself.

GLOUCESTER:
Then tell you not have with me: I do it;
But you have well, for you are determined
That shall have your curse them wear.

KING EDWARD IV:
Is, therefore Warwick, Henry! is it no less that?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, now the kingdom body up bands:
 never that Edward hath-for friends to be false,
And all the wind that nest, and ten,
Yet you speak no more affords.
Thither is the news to wear a thorn?
What more dangerous success? what makes blame for being childish slaughter
That frowns more fearful to peckn him?
And, if we do not make, until we meet,
This let the scorns defend his death.
The wretched of Lancaster hath closed his unclean can swim against our golden crown?
Is Clarence for Henry's up Lancaster?
And will not his new act of that valiant crook-fendom of their doth fly?
And who have vow'd in his face;
And for his own garments hath closed him that he not in law;
And all is Clarence to do with death.
And as we can proceed of our father,
If he do seize and with our task.

KING EDWARD IV:
And so I pray'd you, my gentle Warwick,
To rue it ope the danger that he hath to us;
And that we have stabb'd our blood or in the way.
3 KING HENRY VI
GLOUCESTER:
Have you snarling all of you enforce of sorrow and spent not
That in the court in the midst of war?
I cannot get you gone, and like you down:
Command them,Smile in,
For I amends, like men, and know,
That friends am stern murder comes counsel to me.

CLARENCE:
Relent, rough people in this desperate manhood
Are nearness and to speak a word.

KING HENRY VI:
How well? what talk you of this country's?

EXET:
In God's name that? 'tis mine ears against God's majesty;
And that I was nothing: I'll frown'd you again:
Your grace, like fathers, my lord,
As I am little change of Edward's weak for and dissembling?
Then music with the post, and all!
The sun sets his rash-faced Clifford; and mean the jest on.
O God, now I defy thee, the stronger are my storm.
God that the fatal followers do pursue;
And I, and heavy eyes may not revenge for thee,
And say thou, having no!

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, all this the hour draws something that I may speaks:
Nay, I doubt not take it on
And was not never spurr'd mine.
But, soft! Apollo not, fair maid of heavier three
Whiles; and so that is mine and I said
My words be wise part of grief, yet she is done,
And I will play the ground:
My life were dead, whom you would not prove a long.'

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, when I toldld fain deny to heaven,
How many fairies fain would fain,
Of fair posterity and dreams; or with much foot doth know
What my heart he never heard the golden fee and fell in
A cherry lip of death.

KING EDWARD IV:
Have we done deeds can black mourning weeds are but their words in arms?
Yet would not have some mean:
Bootless are minutes;
And men may seem to deny his lands and defence,
Which yet they are but quickly should bear.

GLOUCESTER:
By vain comes counsel, where we grow?

KING EDWARD IV:
Alack, our people, to the king,
Speak freely theirs, or up the field.
Noting firm estate, King of kings,
What wronged joy?
And for your brother Richard, like an what a queen?
DUKE OF YORK:
Away towards Warwick rages like a brace of denied it our children?

KING EDWARD IV:
 whither shall we on the thought of chidius, his part?
And weak we are made sad despair, but whither shall we have enter in arms.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ah, wise men, Lord Warwick, know you not what you will have me!
To me and my subjects;
And would be blows'd with words again to me with like Edward's hand.
When I'll knock'd at patience? urn shall I do?

CLARENCE:
Relithee, be ere thy forefathers:
And never comes counsel them all:
My pity being something hit he that seeks their lives.

GLOUCESTER:
He is, here longer bad woman, and woe.

KING EDWARD IV:
Lords, I say must not like himself; for that Henry is duke.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, but we'll play the wrong,
For hither come, have mine ten thousand strong link up of coverture.
So, widow! here will I take my right.

GLOUCESTER:
So many fair have all living us affrightfully:
So smooth the day unto the easy broke of Clarence,
And take the king for life of small ale.
Now blessed well! leave that, I will I make a little world.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, bear them off the field here in the Tower,
And will we lay aside before victory.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, brother Richard, hold me down: and Gloucester,
Till we must both them that fear their great leaves fall.

GLOUCESTER:
So both are friends as I have true.

KING EDWARD IV:
I'll do beseech you, unless they be king,
When I have heard your king and my letters
And ne'er have them buzz'd little like strong as these women' cross
In your own royal master.

LORD FITZWICK:
'Tis doubt he that he is seldom kings.

KING EDWARD IV:
But, if Warwick bids us better, fear to meet him than needful this.

OXFORD:
Bring forth the gates are the city gates,
And given the like that fear of office of tenies.

SOMERSET:
Towards fight and trumpets; or wilt
That racking us no more shall have be blench.
Myself in this thought they follow shall be gentle,
There have we will be their gates: for these great Edward.
Go where their client holling must straight shall quickly know;
What is he they sent out in their provand
shall come to that God he knows not?
The quarrel to-day; is all is every posterns.

EXETER:
Richard, the wrong he duke is gone; and all are two-for tongues to bedius.

Post:
Were he so out of many lies in his state, or else,
As you think a poor city.

WARWICK:
Is not our general is a pitied revenge fetch down,
And weak guard we from us no,
To keep the city but beggars that he hath won?

SOMERSET:
Then, Clifford cannot temper;
And therefore cannot in their hearts,
Until their foul mouth without peril to sword,
And tell them neither does appear their sleep.

WARWICK:
This is his power, where now it shall have quailinghe be;
And have his singularity,
Then where he is, doff thy answer
Against his fault know himself--as my heart,
Which quond of seem divine opinion, is now apparent art possess,
A traitor cowardice in men's garden-gracious mouth,
With nothing but reason obey? Gentle my mind
And where subjects were he unto the gardenes
As 'twas the good of death through the garland,
' angry.' and this hard to me and
Int lion yet of you;
Whilst Dighton, you give me this most gracious self.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, messenger, give me leave to him hither.
Now welcome good fellow, sir, and Montague,
That in the sty of this field by the field by me,
Should I thank my father counsel, and virtuous to this,
Though I for this deed will be true,
And not be partly proud.
Now, soft! let's die in heavy vow unto you,
And hear dispro, seal even here all the rest,
If you thrive, and the conquer'd
Whose arms.
Here on the cause why, marshal, you wanton but your highness of this haste,
With blame not before it. So, fare you not being one, fare you well.

CORIOLANUS:
What says the matter?

Messenger:
'Tis best.

Messenger:
Corioli dooms I carry, and yours when they can say,
That till the sun shone bright on the heart.

Third Messenger:
Nobleherit me receive we have sent to behold
With sleight and fell the prince:
Where anon comforts are angry with this goodly day,
That dreameth and manner. But who bids us met,
Hath made anon spoil than him?

First Senator:
They have considered so, my lord.
The gods give us to earth, and will have due of fair,
Will not out the like
Call for less foul sin before high and dangerous present blest
Left our recompense, and to direct these speak.

AUFIDIUS:
What is become of it?

All
SICINIUS:
At a man by a worthy voices?
What's he in the woundsy magistrates, they are in their
burre now than they our general they
Should they are in mind to be content.

Second Citizen:
He's as he is content to be than worst less
not Romans before meat; that he could bear,
he is easefry is no more
shall have good work with falling in the air.

SICINIUS:
Name on one thing I will
speak this and not seal a kind of their ancient strength and not in their
disposition; which plainly see
The sternness hath here their stings.

BRUTUS:
He's to do't not something to fall.

SICINIUS:
There is no more.

SICINIUS:
Opinion that Marcius,
We are the measure in't.

BRUTUS:
Fitzhe hath resisted a power he hath resisted for his falling
And in him further than by this instant,
'Tis nothing but two years; never in him and 'tis most affections
veryling before.
What is most power, that he would have seem'd
The happy thing for long, at unparadvised,
And the whole city.

MENENIUS:
'Tis Aufidius,
And so are coINIUS:
Not?

COMINIUS:
Hear me the enemy, I think,--

SICINIUS:
O, peace!
What is this viperled with his good and heard him speak.

BRUTUS:
'Twas his power, thus far from him but a power,
Whose blows for consul I can brook He
That hath but hunt this all by the power of
His glass,
And makes himself, he hated me on this shame,
And pluck a graile for planched for thy power. He's write, let's a letter,
And tell him where he is falsely fane;
Too noble memory is, we mean to be other kin
From whence, we have arrived'd countrymen and the gods,
From with all the restful act it.
Evermore this molehill here, and young Mars,
Because, what safe march field by the gates,
Had servants it by his thems
Were by the mother; and his great arm,
Of his noble knot, being his lusts: Lord Angelo,
The insatiate and his lusty,
And no hopeful perforce have set their caps and play with;
For I for war joy of themselves did it in my mind;
To hopeless restitution on him buried faces.
What's granted for my lord the granted
To speak of a few and I have an oath and revenges'd
The pleasant thing, and fear of his fear'd
To him had he should thus have show'd a strange love.

SICINIUS:
Could he had shown it in talk'd again
As to have hearts
Ere he himself so still had so.

Second Messenger:
'Tis thought it so,--
Being aught I could make the fire; but that instructed him,
And therein in the rage before 'Thanks,
'Of the whole land and incensed peers.

Lady:
'Tis very dog
And that I like enough, that oft have five hundred years,
They could bear me give my friends,' quoth a devil'This nurse,
'A ten gro teeth 'girdling a Jack-cover'd,
And stop the bitter bread.'
To see to the less foul mouthGrief in the fair ladies' eyes
The night's black mantle; and, with overwhelming brows,
The lusty tempest-roofs
Of such a dream.
Now, to whose water powers
The wanton! the air is spread
With boot my poverty, the motive of heaven
Whose bright passage ere my revenue and this mine and from life
Shalloth this my practise and I am from heaven
Will piece I feel: I happy gain and that even here,
As I am not as most weary steps
I shall not myself toward that news
 tomb and love. O long live!

ROMEO:
Call it is my modesty is it to?
Fear and I sent for it is here.
What sorrow hath hath made his found arm, and loves?
What I have heard it most unlawful bed with such badful.
Here comes here? the new in the manner how our sea?
If is very near?

JULIET:
Where is the same I sink, that know it is again,
Because we have been hither; for he you know not in the north
To plucks our small brook it.

SOMERSET:
At some pity that yond, let this napkin being done:
If I prove so apparent, it come to you,
Nor cheer to increase your handkerifts?

ROMEO:
Good night, good cousin, of day short on.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Find thou have to me that mattock'st out on form,
So part I no hope, to have the watch.

ROMEO:
Had thy will to thy single-night, I'll give thee my intents,
And would I ne'er it be more unthankfulness shall be blest to that he shall be my love.
I never thought, and therefore say 'good' should be shine and ease, that it so.

HASTINGS:
But, good fellow so disin, thine yourself,
And I, my gracious innocent soul,
I must yield a something muffle your love.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A: take me from death,


























step 5999: train loss 0.1506
----- start generation ------
!es Abut dar befriedigt wird,
Ist ein nein Leben in des Hauptes Bres Leben,
Wälsianer wild man den Schwingen erkennen.
Im Kreis bin ich durch seinen, dank mind's
In dem Schaun, nicht duldet einhergehst, mich
Es glaub', und warum sie sonder Fingestor Fähend,
Der Welt zur Erde, nurück noch besserm Schifflein,
Sei jetzt ist Markgraf Guido, wie dergel
Vor ihn eingingen ist gewin dem Menschen haben.
Allein das, was du hierlassest
In seinem Ihr behend in ihrenne Seele,
Sich würdig sein Kriegs und nich dein Sinn gefolget,
Das Lieb' ew'ge Lammung heil'ger Geister,
Weil einer Lieb' im Aug' einst beide SehkasAus' ihres.
Doch sieh, daß nicht Eintritt, gleichwie jedwede andre Kosten
Sich' ine selbst sich macht, will und wenn's entzündet
Siehren, wie du sie, blickst, auch willst uns du schauest.«
Komm her und darauf sie und kommen
Mich lenkte solcher Qual, als daß man nichts und Grad
Dort, wo's und so rauch aus: ›Dich's sind ›hier, Seehst du,
Siehst du würde mehr von dieser Wunsch waren?‹
Als ich in dir so das Ein schicksals schre?
Mit Fröpfleas im Innern alle, das soll entgegenstrahlte
Auf jener Seite, die zerschaft wimmernden konntest.
Jetzt sah ich mit ihre Flügeln schienen
Ist als andrer Stadt, und wohl klarung
Jenseitsst, unsre Liebe sind am Fliegen, glan erfreuen.«
Die große Worte jener erschienen,
Gelangt' ich Lieb' anzufrieden Antlitz hatte,
Als ich verschter einer Stimme sich bezeich begeärbte,
Da sie, unter dem ich im Antlage;
Ich sah, viele andern's ich beim Anfangen
Sahnbahn, sie auszogen jenen einander,
Wem schaun, sie haft die Mutter
Bei Gezuzb' ein schwehen mir, eh' es blitzend,
Als ob sie schon sie auf, beim Tries raucht!
Und langsamen aus dem Flucheß, der ihm mindert
Im Kampf sich (Sich riß, der nichts zuwührt eintrat,
Als ihrer rief: »Was hast Part ist erst! Weinend,
Herwel ist ein Lateiner jenes Lög,
Der Urspräöpf Dominik zugle, wie du Enden
Ihr von jenem Gut verwendete beim Weinst euch wird.
Darnacht es sich dereinst enthöret,
In dieser Lästrung, die dann die Spule Herrinaböne
Gratzen.« Und ich ich: ›0 ganz ihre große Heile,
Mit bei der Ermäßigten Täuschtheiten
Bei jenem Schlund, und den Bitte jegner strebt,
Gelangt' einer Redich auf verzehrte,
Legt mit den andern der Ges trauern gleich behend
Den andern seiner Hahren.
Als kam er zum Fuß, durch denenweisend
Ein hohen Land der Natur war verloren,
Sich kann sie, sich dennoch die Welt erhoben.
Nachdem sie meines Leibes, mit welchen singen
Ich meiner Stimme sah, die in jener Häuptern
Der Wort so ganz bewändigen wäre werden.
Sie glänzet schon den sich und den Blick entzündet,
Riefen mir zu; siein, an Beatrix redet,
Sich mein Gesicht, wieder dies Gesetze,
Wer unsern Kräumig mir und nicht deine Liebesze,
Daß ichts behende mich dein hattend Volk sich
Und so, gesüttlich mehr noch ereich
Im Leben, des entbrannten Lächeln,
Al nie ich begann: ›Welch ein Verdienst nach es kommen
Durch ein Weib des Lebens, das michfallszes Halten,
Und darob kommt zu ein Todes, woher ich
Dahin so kom Kinnstanze, Eingewordrangert,
Daß sie die überschauchtet,
Und kurzer bis zuletzt du erheisendet,
Der daß sieh, der Augen sie erhnt hat.
An diese Sieben nun von O noch,
Der keiner Möglichkeit'sche, auf die Welt erfüllte;
Nicht durch andern Spanne recht Spannung
Wenn es zücktrieben, nein, so daß Dünste
Ich's mehr es zu sich, es wie erfähnt hielt.
Und Staunen nieder seichten Land, dem es zu erkennen,
So daß am Fuß des drarten Umsch zu ersagen.
Dem Blick sah ich wohl am Boden sich stürzet,
Zum Fuß entblößt nur eines Hwindens,
Die gewahrüst'gen Zweig deckten jener einer stillmabe.
Schon als die andr' ich mich gewandt, und hinter ihn die Fluren
Heraus entrissen, baunten Händen, und Wehes
Von mir in der Schlummer brandaur', und so seine
Gespaltsüfflich ist, ganz, beglückt die Füße.
Wahr ist mich kurze Zeit von den andern
Verfällt'schen Bildungen sich und verschwunden.
Drauf merkt' ich, ihre zeig', als ich die er zeigehn' ich);', und jenseits
Darum schnellen Geis da Gott verschuld'nd,
Mit Mägner sich, in jedem im Wasser zurückkehrt.
Doch jener als die, welchen schon war,
Ein Schwert zum Grund, den Kähenkelnkeln zeugten,
Ging so, daß beidechwung sich wendend.
Wie Vat Sabell drauf denke jetztenkraft besel
»O ihm, der du seh'st selber über drei,
Führte recht als dies zur Wahrheit scheinet,
Daß du von dir vom Sinn zurückkehr du vers
Zum sehn, auf ich deinem Stand zum Flügel.«
›O du mehr der Augen Lied jetzt mir so begreget,
Daß ich dir seist, was du ihm du jüngst ermüden.‹
»O Worte dem, der du
Der einzelist noch nach Eindruck dies machst, würd' ich du gesaget den Lebenden,
Sieh das Volk, nicht du geläßt,
Wenn du nicht schaun, daß du nicht die Furt doch glück gibst,
Die ruf' auf Erden wahren?‹
»Wie jene Seele, die unseruch entschuldigt sein,
Warum ich, so Lombarden du,‹ und dir nicht nicht ziemt zu fragen,
Sie sprich wag', du's unter den Heilen doch,
Wer er seist, ich es einsam, der dich beführest.
Doch so nicht, daß du sehn du so weißlich, wärst, daß es oder
Abschuld und Schuld und Schmerz, das du
Es sie selbst, nicht daß jenemals Näch's
Daß sie nach kurzeückhst, so viel es
Dem Schmerz, noch blieb, noch umsch imafen.
Dreiundeunde nur ein glaubig nur die Fühne,
Und daße der Sonnenstern zeunten, die andern
Ging, so nachläßig-uben legt' ich auf hinückwärts,
Daß es aus der Hölle sah' ein guter Wind,
Auf dem Abbildung der bezeichtergriffen.
»Mein Meister,« sprach ich, nicht minder wandte,
Entschlupf, sich einem, göttlich Wasser
Die Flügen sich mehr sich erheben, um zürückt,
Und wandte all' sich aus andern Krankten,
Daß laut ich mich aus der Mutter rief dorte: »Was,
Was bist du erzägst jetzt, nicht weiter daß ich im Gesetze
Vernahm, ich schöner bin im Innern, dann ›Sich losgehoben.‹
Nicht jener schritt' er im Spreet
Und Mund züngten, dem sich mit den Zähnen
Gedrähnlich zu dem Bogen nun, gleich war,
Erblickte Vision an, und Wachander
Sich wohl beweis' erschloß den Schleier mir.
Nachdem ich selbst mit des Lichten Garten Schauen
Und sie sie, ein Verwunderungskraft in dreien,
Wandrübt' ich hebte, ohne Maß nicht zu entzügen,
Ob der Gedächtnis, ein ist andern Willen,
So durch den finstern Kreisen es ich wohl sei,
Wie geschäh'gesetzt bin in der Brecheide sählen.
Ganz jene, die mit den großen Augen an dem Strick,
G von des jüngerm Kerk einem Tugendzet,
Den, die gebenedeietragen wurde,
Sei's fern von dessen Chiron weil sich scheuet
Gestängen und Kugel hinig war die andern.
Und jener sprach: »O du, der, den von den Sinn zappt
Die dir ird'schen Blätter so sein, werden
In desnbahn das Gefäll bedeckt mit Licht,
Und überschwebgewändeckten konnte
Uns dem Geschöpf, und unter'steilbSich unter
Ein guter Boden aus, den, das dieüfte wandte
Die Arme, die mir durch das, aus so tiefem,
Daß ich aus den Meer doch im Verstand schauet,
Von ihre Flugend nicht nicht wollte.
Nicht bargen geht's entseelt Eueron ihren, wie der's
O ew'ger Kraft erfüllen dann zur Höh',
Ich kam so dann meine Augen, weit herabzuschießet
Gekrändert und schon; doch dies sie geworden
Das lebt in ihren Kriegs dem Leben
Den dann beraubt, des Argwüstes schweigend,
Bricht' ich, tausend Mal Boden, weil sie zu enthüllet;
Dem andern wer war nach und sichts wendend
So geht in der ich zum Grund, dem Grabe.
Da nun begann 'naus meus dem mein guter Wille
Von der zweiten schweiten Gedächtnis
Verlangt, ich alle straft, und dir nicht bindet.
Geh haben schlimm nöchsten Rede
Den Teil und des Bewe, das aus dem Schöllechtern
Das, das in sich mir ganze Schönheit, durchhn,
ne das Glauben mich abgewandt mit dem Verzlich;
Und zermalionsuryelen sich allein am Boden,
In jener schnellenischot schötz'gen Flugle,
Und der geglichen Kundelei'n gegen
War Kostom aus, denen man zur Quelle,
Der kann, den Waffenschaft davon Gottesfand
Anfe solcherlei Cepflündet, daß es
So daß ke keiner Tugend nach dein Herz gebrigt.«

So gab dann zur rechten Hand schien mir wie es
Schon war, daß ich Virgil noch muß merkte.
Wohl noch lart's ihm so geschehen,
Daß anders nicht die Stanken nicht genühret,
Drob konnt noch als anderspfohner nur, denkulst nicht
Nein, dem Frost beschrieb erloscheben,
Die dann im euer Män alle die jag dort erschienen,
Erhielten sich und Schupp sah verschließt.
Dahr wie einst seine Scham, wir standen,
Wir jWeil, kreimal zwei, den Schiffückgesam,
Sich rings umher an die abwärts vom hohen.

Darnisch gingen sah ich mit den Augen, und ich betrauten,
Zerläßt mich mit dem Volk von Herzen,
Verweil einer rückwärts wendendend: »Schau, sagt' ich!« er, daß ich's sei,
Ich war,›der von hohem trat, ich ihm entfremdet hochher,
Welche sie zu ihrem Anf entadelt,
Sprich gleich einer andern Malße nicht, wie sagen.
Wie du im Grund stillstehn aus den Grad zur Quelle,
Der nicht denkeiten trägeragt, so genannt's,
›Ihn auch diese jenem Orts, der so daße
Von sich jenseits, nur weil ich schon bekehücket.‹

Von jener, der das All nicht mind's auf uns zu sich tranktend:
›Was, der schon eich selbst von mir selbst der Mensch ist;
Denn nicht ist jenes Volk, das so wert ist am Fluten,
Wenn es nicht immer wah an seinem Wort zeigen,
Und durch seine Kraft hier herabzusteigen,
Und wie eurem als Eitelkeit möglichkeitet,
Und wie du dreht, wie gesehn hast die andern.
Vorstellenahn Überighung ist gegen,
Und dieseht den gegen Gott uns an der Höh' zurücktritt.
So war es weit von einer Stumpfnasen
Herab, was ich dir sich dir scheinte, und möglich,
So daß klar sein Wort, was du sei hier muß ich
Zur Hilfe sein, so wandt' an Blut gesehn war.
Und wär' hier sich, allein die durchgefüllt
Aufzuklungen sind, allein, mit wenn Baum du,
Gewährst, weist's unter mehr zu sagen?
Einklang eignen Licht, darob nicht, dann dein Bedürfen.‹
Kaum war ich zum Sinn dir, und dir nicht weine,
Führt noch jener, die ganze Welt vertieft sichnet?
Von dannen lebend'gen Sträuchern, getragen
Sag', und sie gab, aber rufelnd, kon dem Strande
Verirft davon ein Bogen kann, denen ich berühren.«
Und ich: ,O gedämphen, sie verwundert das Blickes
luß uns herabzukam, indes ich also
Daß einen wie aus dem hohebrunde weisen;
Drum ich um dich, der sie schaun, wie ich mich dich
Gelacht, ein Weib, das ich allein geflitten,
Weil kurz vor dem Fuß im Antlitz ich.
Mir war ihnen und nicht bei, wie ich bliebte,
Hem Laube in Zähaupt und Schatten
Ein bald gegenüt, daß ihre Augen
Jedem an dem Gedreht und Frauen Führern hiel.
Von nunielt stehn sind wir den verschieden,
Daß sie nun ein Sünder, auf durchschweigeseits hielt
Ob uns, gleich wie den ganzen Liebe,
Sich wie man sie dem VeräOb der Fahn und jener
Von einem man nieht, die andern dürsten.
Sie langsam zus dem Rücken Bogen nungefahren;
Als jetzt gab mit ihren Raum des Schre,
Von einer jäers trüben sich hätten,
Beraubt' ich mich, der Flurche durch die Überche,
Nachdem ich des Spalt des Sterns entbrannten.
Als drauf des Mitte des riefen, der mich sah' entblauet,
Von andr' ich verschieden mich dann am Boden,
Von da er mir sage, der zerstürzubloren stand im Gesichte.
Von mir die Wunden hier verblieben,
Wenn du hier ist geschmängert, unterm Fuße
Sie stand nicht eingehn; und anderm Grunde nicht ihr ihn
Zu weißtplötzlich Stück dem andern,
Denn nach dem himmlich der Beel hüber
Durch selauf das Geb erblick mir emporhächtig.
Durch diesen vor Welsung und gezogen brachte,
Vater, als ich nach der Antlitz Zweifel scha,
Und mich drin war von ob des jener, welcher kalten,
Welch ein Gebäsehn noch verblieb fühlte,
Mit offenbarem, dem jetzt kenn entztögerischte.
Von frei Arme besser einher, der, auch schlimme Fels;
An dann voll sich sprenget,
Ein Berg um, von solchem Gewalt zu bewaffnen,
Denn, hätt' ich ganz gegen kann gen Himmel